\" TROFF Macro Summary: http://www.fileformat.info/info/man-pages/macro.htm

.TH STATS "1" "October 2013" "Haggis Stats 2.1.0" "User Commands"

.SH NAME
Stats \- Print basic system statistics and take a screenshot of the results.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B haggis-stats
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
\fIACTION\fR

.SH DESCRIPTION
Stats is a simple script to print basic system statistics and immortalize those results with a screenshot on GNU/Linux systems. The most popular Linux distributions are officially supported by this script, although any reasonable, modern GNU/Linux system should have no problem running it. It with typical end-user desktop installations in mind, but a limited subset of the functionality afforded to those systems is provided on headless machines. This script will automatically detect the functionality available and print the associated system information accordingly, or fail gracefully if it cannot.

.SH ACTIONS
Running this program without specifying an action implies \fBstats\fR.

.IP \fBstats\fR
Print system statistics and take a screenshot.

This command represents the most basic functionality of this program. Therefore it is the default option when none are specified on the command line. It will automatically detect the software available on the target system and attempt to do the right thing. A screenshot will be taken by default, although that functionality can be disabled with the \fI--no-screenshot\fR switch.

.IP \fBreport\fR
Print diagnostic information.

This is a troubleshooting command integrated with the system information utility. It exists because, unfortunately, oftentimes software has bugs. Since the objective of this program is to gather statistical information, it inherently has to deal with the wide variety of environments presented by various, divergent Linux distributions. Therefore this program incorporates multiple methods for gathering most critical system information and aims to achieve an extremely fault-tolerant design in large part thanks to this redundancy. However when something does go wrong, it is often difficult for the program's authors to reproduce.

This function dumps the raw information normally gathered by this program to a file on disk which can then be attached to a bug report to give the authors more insight into the issue. The report generated by this function when something goes wrong may help the program's authors fix bugs faster.

.IP \fBhelp\fR
Print the program's help information.

.IP \fBversion\fR
Print the program's version information.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP \fB--no-screenshot\fR
Don't take a screenshot after printing system statistics. This option has no affect if not used in conjunction with the \fBstats\fR \fIACTION\fR.

.IP \fB--no-logo\fR
Don't print the logo for your distribution. This option has no affect if not used in conjunction with the \fBstats\fR \fIACTION\fR.

.IP \fB--output-dir\fR\ \fIOUTPUT_DIRECTORY\fR
Save the screenshot, diagnostic report, or other output to \fIOUTPUT_DIRECTORY\fR.

The specified directory must exist and must be writable by the user running this program. This option has no affect if not used in conjunction with the \fBstats\fR or \fBreport\fR \fIACTION\fR, although that limitation may be lifted in future versions of this program. Any files generated for user consumption (i.e. not temporary) may be written to \fIOUTPUT_DIRECTORY\fR.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual was written by xorangekiller <xorangekiller@gmail.com>.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 2012\-2013 Haggis

Copyright 2013 xorangekiller

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification, are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright notice and this notice are preserved.

Stats is provided "as is" with no warranty. The exact terms under which you may use and (re)distribute this program are detailed in the BSD 3-Clause License, which is distributed with this program in the COPYING file.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR archey (1),
.BR scrot (1),
.BR import (1)
