  Copyright (C) 2013 Haggis.
  Copyright (C) 2013 xorangekiller.

  Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification, are
  permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright notice and
  this notice are preserved.

Haggis started writing a basic script in November 2012 to gather statistics on
his Fedora installation and display them on screen as an exercise to learn
BASH. Shortly thereafter he posted the initial version in the
Linux Discussion & Support sub-forum on Neowin.net to get feedback from other
members. Encouraged by the initial, positive feedback Haggis decided to
continue the project by adding new features and extending support to other
Linux distributions beyond Fedora. The script consistently improved through the
end of the year and into the next thanks to Haggis' hard work, continued
testing by other Neowin members, and patches submitted by a handful of
individuals.

In September 2013 the script had grown to the point that Neowin member
xorangekiller, who was one of the original testers and patch submitters,
decided to initiate a rewrite in Perl. This rewrite added extensive new
features suggested by Haggis and others since the inception of the original
BASH script while retaining the functional capabilities of that script by
reusing many of the established data processing techniques employed therein
verbatim. Documentation was also a major focus of this rewrite, with a change
log, read me, installation guide, and other documentation typical of
established open-source projects supplementing the virtually nonexistent
documentation of the previous release. Due to the extensive and invasive nature
of this update the first release after the Perl rewrite was designated 2.0.
Despite the work done by xorangekiller on this release, Haggis remained the
primary maintainer.
